It's pretty late.
Think I've got time to
run some more simulations
on the cooling system?
Sure. I'm still figuring out
the thermo-acoustic expander.
Yeah, while you do that
I am going to pump cerebral spinal fluid
through my brain cells
to remove the metabolic byproducts
of the day's thoughts.
What?
It's called sleep and it's my bedtime,
nighty-night, y'all.
Hey, hey, hey, you're not going anywhere.
And we only have two months
to deliver this to the Air Force
because of you.
I know, I was there.
Well, wake up!
We're gonna put in a lot of late nights.
How late?
Well, I don't know, midnight, 1:00.
One o'clock? I'm not a raccoon.
If you're tired, have some coffee.
What? You have some coffee.
I am having coffee!
And look how irritable it's making you!
Guys!
We're not gonna get anything done
if we start fighting.
Now, can you please
try to soldier through?
Fine.
I don't think I can go much longer.
It's been three and a half minutes,
wake up.
I had a bad dream
that my best friend became a tyrant
and forced me to
stay up all night to work.
I had a good dream that
when I carried you to bed
I let your head hit the wall
and I laughed.
- Good morning.
- What is this?
Well, we didn't see you last night,
we're not gonna see you today,
so we thought we could have
breakfast together.
That is so nice.
Ow! It does hurt!
So, what are you guys gonna do today?
Well, Sheldon was supposed to
go to this party with me this afternoon,
but I don't think that's happening.
Oh, that was never happening.
I'll go, I like a party.
Well, I mean, to be honest,
it's not like a "party" party,
it's more like a gathering
where scientists of different
disciplines get together
to share their work and keep current
on what's going on in other fields,
I don't know
why I called it a party, sorry.
It's okay, I'll still go.
You don't think you'll be bored?
I'll have some wine
and listen to people go on
about crap I don't understand.
I mean, how is it any different
than every single day of my life?
I won't be there.
Look at that, it is a party.
Yeah.
Sorry I have to work all weekend.
It's okay.
Thanks again for breakfast.
Well, I didn't get to see you last night.
The least I could do.
You shouldn't have
made the alarm code his birthday.
So, what should we do today?
I appreciate it, but you don't have to
spend your day off with me.
Well, I don't mind.
Oh, you wanna go to the mall
and look at baby stuff?
Not really.
Oh, come on, we could share a pretzel
and get sideways glances
from racist old ladies.
I get enough of that when I take Howard
to my grandmother's for Christmas.
Oh, I know.
Why don't we get started on
clearing out the baby's room?
Isn't it a little early for that?
You have to get to it eventually.
There's so much junk in there,
it's embarrassing.
How can you be embarrassed around me?
I'm gonna be in the room with you
when you give birth.
I don't think you are.
You didn't think I was gonna be
in your kitchen this morning,
yet here I am.
Psst! Hey, kid.
What?
You look tired.
Why don't you have an energy drink?
Everyone's doing it.
Oh, no, thank you,
those have caffeine in them.
Oh, sorry, I thought you were cool.
I am cool.
This is Yoo-hoo,
chocolate milk's delicious, watery cousin.
All right, but if you ever wanna
feel like you have superpowers,
try one of these.
Superheroes take
performance-enhancing chemicals?
You bet.
You know why Hulk is so strong?
Steroids.
You know why Batman wanders around
at night getting into fights?
Scotch.
I am facing a great deal of work.
And I do like things better when
famous people also like them.
Here. It's on the house.
The first one's free?
Flash, how do you stay in business?
You wanna know my secret?
I bought stock in Marvel.
Hi, Bert. This is my friend Penny.
- Hi.
- Hey. Come on in.
I'm gonna go turn on some rock music.
That's a geology joke.
Bert's a geologist.
And a joker.
How early are we?
Oh, actually, we're an hour late.
I suddenly wish Sheldon was here.
I don't even know where to begin.
Well, in The Sound of Music,
Julie Andrews says,
"Let's start at the very beginning.
A very good place to start."
Huh. I was gonna start at the end,
thank God you're here.
Well, I think the first thing
we should get rid of is that tone.
Sorry.
I should probably keep this
in case we have a girl.
Ah, that's a nice one.
Was it yours when you were little?
My dad built it for me.
Wow, that's so cute.
This was the husband, this was the wife.
They'd go out on adventures together.
Cruises, skiing, horseback riding.
That was really me just
duct taping them to our dog.
- And did they have kids?
- They did.
But the mommy and daddy didn't like them
so they shipped them off to an orphanage
I made out of a shoebox.
Yeah, that's not worrisome at all.
Not every girl dreams about being a mom.
Sometimes you think
you're never gonna have kids
and one day you wake up
and you're pregnant.
And it doesn't matter that your
career's going great right now
and that you and your husband
never even got to go anywhere
taped to a dog!
I skipped spin class for this.
Why is it taking him so long
to get a drink out of a vending machine?
Well, it's complicated.
He finds pushing that little door
and reaching up into the machine
uncomfortably intimate.
Gentlemen, I am ready to work.
To quote The Martian,
"Let's science the feces out of this!"
And that... That's The Martian the book
and The Martian the movie,
not Marvin the Martian.
Although, to quote Marvin the Martian,
"I claim this planet in the name of Mars."
Are you okay?
Oh, I'm fantastic, never been better.
I had my first energy drink
and I feel great.
Hey, you guys wanna wrestle?
We can do arm, thumb, mud, sumo.
Nah, we're not fat enough
or wearing diapers.
You wanted him awake.
So should we talk to each other or mingle?
I don't know where everyone is.
Yeah, I mean,
I could see him eating one or two guests
but not a whole party.
Well, I guess this is kind of a bust.
You don't have to stay.
I'm gonna start cleaning up.
Okay.
I feel so bad about leaving him here.
Well, that's funny, I was just
thinking the same thing about you.
Hey, listen,
could you not say anything about this
to the people at the university?
You know, 'cause you're you and I'm me,
and it's kind of embarrassing.
Wait, what do you mean she's her?
Well, you know how Amy's
the coolest girl on campus, right?
- No!
- No.
Oh, yeah, everybody thinks so.
What?
You tell me about your foot fungus
but this is a secret?
I'm sure it's just 'cause
I'm dating Sheldon.
Actually, I think Sheldon's popular
because he's dating you.
Now Sheldon's popular? What is happening?
Maybe we should break for lunch.
What time is it?
According to the world's
worst cuckoo clock, it's 2:00.
My head hurts
and I'm more tired than ever.
Why don't you just go home?
No, I can do this.
I just... I just need
another energy drink.
Oh, no.
What?
I want another one.
So?
That's a craving.
That's a sign of chemical dependency.
You only had one.
I know, but plenty of things are addictive
after a single exposure.
Crack cocaine, nicotine, Pringles.
You know once one pops
one just can't stop.
You can't develop a problem that fast.
You wanna bet?
Oh, great, now I'm addicted to gambling.
We can't afford to lose any more time.
Well, this probably won't work
but has anyone ever tried to just haul off
and whoop the crazy out of him?
That's not helpful.
It's fun to think about
but it's not helpful.
Hey,
Sheldon, we are on a serious time crunch.
We can't do this without you.
Can you please pull it together?
I'm sorry, yes, of course.
Thank you.
Just please bear with me
if I display symptoms
of caffeine withdrawal.
No worries.
You guys stink.
Sorry I flipped out on you.
I think it's just hormones.
I think you were mean
before you were pregnant, but it's fine.
So, uh, instead of cleaning out the room,
why don't we just decide on a theme
for the nursery?
Does it really need one?
Of course it does, didn't your
baby room have a theme?
Well, it doubled as my dad's office
and he was a cop.
So, I guess the theme was
bloody homicide photos.
Oh. Mine was Winnie the Pooh.
But, anyway,
why don't we just take a step back
and start with the color?
Right? There's so many amazing ones.
Red, blue, green, purple...
Are you just gonna name all the colors?
Well, not now.
I don't care what color the room is.
Okay, well, I'm just trying to help you.
Well, you're not. So just drop it.
I'm clearly upset,
why aren't you following me?
Sorry, sorry!
And when Amy started using a solution
of chromic acid and white vinegar
to clean all her lab equipment,
all of a sudden, everybody was doin' it.
You trendsetter!
It was just the right idea
at the right time.
Okay, okay, so Amy's cool, Sheldon's cool.
Tell me about Leonard.
Who?
Leonard Hofstadter.
Oh, him. I guess he's all right.
Apparently he tricked some hot girl
into marrying him.
That's me! I'm her!
And you know, he didn't trick me.
He just wore me down.
Makes sense you two are friends.
I mean, hot girls always stick together.
And you thought this wasn't
gonna be a great party.
You know, I had no idea,
Caltech is exactly like my high school.
Well, it's not exactly like it.
You know, we're all extremely smart.
Wow, you popular girls are mean.
I'm gonna get some coffee.
You want some?
Uh, you're really going to have caffeine
in front of me
while I'm trying to get my life
back on track?
Okay.
Let's pretend you do have a problem.
- I do.
- You don't.
- Yeah, but I do.
- No, you don't!
But let's say you do
and don't say you do because you don't!
Well, wouldn't you think that
throwing yourself into your work
would be the best way to deal with it?
- With what?
- Your problem.
I thought I didn't have a problem.
That was painful to watch.
- So, where are we going?
- I don't know.
Okay.
How Thelma and Louise of us.
Raj, why don't I care about anything?
I'm sorry?
It's my baby, I should care about
nurseries and colors and I don't.
What's wrong with me?
Well, crime scene photos
near your crib spring to mind.
I keep waiting to feel excited
but it's not happening.
What if it never happens?
Bernadette,
come on, look,
you're over-thinking this, okay?
You're gonna be an amazing mom.
Even if you don't believe it,
I know you have maternal instincts.
Once I was supposed to
babysit my brothers,
our neighbor found them naked in
the backyard eating crickets.
Happy and well-fed. You see, that's
what I'm taking from that story.
Leonard, can I ask you a question?
Is it about the rotational symmetries
you should be figuring out
or your fake caffeine problem?
Howard, can I ask you a question?
No.
All right, I'll just toss this
out to the room.
Um, I was thinking that the best way
to fight my addiction
is by weaning myself off in steps.
Now, I couldn't find a caffeine patch
but I did find what claims to be
a mind-boosting caffeine suppository.
Yeah. You know, there's an
interesting fact about the rectum...
Sheldon!
We are dealing with an impossible deadline
from the Air Force because of you.
So, have an energy drink,
don't have an energy drink.
Order suppositories and shove them
wherever you want, I don't care!
You don't shove them, they come
with an easy-glide applicator.
Right.
Listen to me, we can't do anything
until you do your part.
So, get up in front of this whiteboard
and do it!
- I can't.
- Yes, you can.
No...
I can't figure out the math.
I've been racking my brain for days
and I've got nothing.
Seriously?
No, I can't do it.
I'm not as smart as I think I am.
I'm so sorry, this is all my fault.
It's okay. We'll figure something out.
But what if we can't?
It'll be fine.
You'll see.
Sheldon?
Buddy?
When the baby gets here
you gotta teach me that.
Thank you so much, Bert, this was great.
My pleasure.
You girls wanna take home
a two-gallon tub of potato salad?
- I think we're good.
- Mmm.
Okay, well, thanks for coming by.
You're nice people.
Well, so are you.
In fact, you know what?
We will never take you for "granite."
Did you get that?
Granite? It's a little geology joke.
You need to leave,
I'm in love with both of you now.
- Okay.
- Bye.
Uh, pull over.
Why, who are you calling?
You're gonna rat me out to Howard,
aren't you?
You're such a snitch.
No wonder I don't like you.
Whoa! I'm calling my dad. Okay?
He's got experience dealing
with pregnant ladies
because he's an OB-GYN,
and experience with crazy ladies
because of my mom.
Hello, Rajesh.
- Are you calling to ask for money?
- No.
Are you calling to ask for things
that cost money?
- No.
- Great, what's up?
Okay, this is my friend Bernadette.
She's pregnant and she's a bit worried.
So, I thought maybe you could talk to her.
O f course. What seems to be the trouble?
Something's wrong.
I don't care about any of the baby stuff
every other mom is so into.
Honestly, I'm not even sure I like babies.
Look, some people are baby people
and some people are not baby people.
It doesn't mean you won't
love your own baby.
But I thought I'd be more excited.
Being excited isn't
a guarantee of anything.
Rajesh's mother was thrilled
when she was pregnant with him.
After he was born,
she doted on his every move.
And you know what happened?
He broke her heart,
moved halfway around the world
and dates only poor white women.
So, you never know.
Thank you, I feel better now.
I don't!
Good. Bernadette,
I hope you have a daughter.
Uh, I don't really know how to say this...
Well, you could try starting with "sir."
Right, sorry, sir.
He said start with it, not end with it.
Sir,
we've hit a bit of a snag.
We're already behind schedule.
The computations required to
overcome the deployability issues
are more significant than we thought.
I understand that we're under contract
and I don't know what the
consequences of violating that are.
But, um, we're not gonna be able to
deliver in the time we promised.
How long do you need?
We're thinking two years.
All right.
That's it? You're okay with that?
What, you think you're
the first government contractor
who isn't gonna deliver on time?
We're still waiting for
a big space laser Reagan ordered
to beat the commies.
Thanks for understanding, sir.
Yes, thank you so much.
We, we really appreciate it.
All right, pressure's off.
- Wanna see a movie?
- Popcorn's on me.
English - SDH